1. Hours to complete the project: 7-8 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Calculating Edit Distance Using Dynamic Programming):
First few steps were very easy. The hardest part was filling out the rest of
the opt in a reverse order and setting the range of i and j for that part. I
attended the supplemental instruction and after the instructor showed us the
visual representation, I had an understanding about it. 
I also faced problem on the last part where I had to figure out whether or
not the elements of opt weren't in the last column. I used to nested "for"
loops to approach this problem and checked if it was the last element of the 
column and row or not. 

   Problem 2 (Recovering the Alignment): I learnt to Read the opt as a 2D 
array using stdarray.readInt2D(). Recovering the optimal alignment was very
challenging. I tried to follow the checklist. I used a while loop and checked
each condition to see if the elements are equal to each other or is there any
gap. I struggled to write after each conditions like writing 0 if the elements
are the same. But I ran again and again on turminal, then I was able to come up
with the solution and space issues. 
 
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------
  Anh Huy            classmate    helped me to understand the each problems
                                  and with figuring out the optimal alignment.

  Juliana            supplemental   drew visual representation to have a better
                     instructor     understanding, and how to approach using
                                      the hints.
                         
   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I didn't really enjoy it, I had a hard time understanding the problem. I 
learned to deal with complicated lists and arrays.
